fix 安全加固英文文档，并且去除海外安全加固文档 (#863)
taptap/tds-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/sdk/taptap-appsafety/features.mdx

---
title: Introduction to Application Security Features
sidebar_label: Function Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
---

## Introduction to Application Security

> TapTap Developer Services provides an app security module that protects the safety of game apps through APK hardening and anti-cheat detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TapTap Developer Service provides an app security module that mainly protects the security of game apps through APK reinforcement and anti-cheating detection capabilities.
```
